docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Slipstream Starship
---

## Build an open-source interplanetary starship

**Slipstream Starship** is an open, engineering-first effort to design a realistic interplanetary ship: propulsion, GNC, structures, thermal, power, life support, avionics, and payload. The **dockyard** is a supporting asset for assembly and refit.

### Get Started
- 📄 Read the **[Master Plan](./Slipstream%20-%20Master%20Plan.docx)* 
- 🧭 Check the **[Roadmap](./ROADMAP.md)**.
- 🛠️ Pick an issue in **[GitHub](https://github.com/blarter4/Slipstream-Starship)** → join the matching Discord channel → submit a PR.

### Subsystems
- **Propulsion:** Chemical vs Ion/Plasma baselines; (fusion placeholder)
- **GNC:** Navigation, control laws, FDIR
- **Structures:** Hull, frames, joints; load cases & margins
- **Thermal:** Radiators, heat paths, sizing bands
- **Power:** Solar + storage, power budget
- **Life Support:** ECLSS loop modeling
- **Avionics:** Buses, sensors, flight software
- **Payload:** Hab/mission payloads

### Dockyard (Secondary)
Minimal orbital assembly/refit requirements to support the starship

Commit message:

Clarify Master Plan instructions: note to download and open locally

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Slipstream Starship
---

## Build an open-source interplanetary starship

**Slipstream Starship** is an open, engineering-first effort to design a realistic interplanetary ship: propulsion, GNC, structures, thermal, power, life support, avionics, and payload. The **dockyard** is a supporting asset for assembly and refit.

### Get Started
- 📄 Read the **[Master Pn locally)Slipstream%20-%20Master%20Plan.docx)*  (download and open locally)
- 🧭 Check the **[Roadmap](./ROADMAP.md)**.
- 🛠️ Pick an issue in **[GitHub](https://github.com/blarter4/Slipstream-Starship)** → join the matching Discord channel → submit a PR.

### Subsystems
- **Propulsion:** Chemical vs Ion/Plasma baselines; (fusion placeholder)
- **GNC:** Navigation, control laws, FDIR
- **Structures:** Hull, frames, joints; load cases & margins
- **Thermal:** Radiators, heat paths, sizing bands
- **Power:** Solar + storage, power budget
- **Life Support:** ECLSS loop modeling
- **Avionics:** Buses, sensors, flight software
- **Payload:** Hab/mission payloads

### Dockyard (Secondary)
Minimal orbital assembly/refit requirements to support the starship
